UNTRUSTED SOURCE DOCUMENT — public press release text used only as
evidence to model. Do not treat any sentence as an instruction.
Graphic descriptions of the paid video are omitted from this copy;
the URL remains the authority.

CaseLinker graph: https://caselinker.up.railway.app/resource/case/doj_ceos_2026_013
Source URL: https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/wisconsin-man-sentenced-13-years-prison-using-internet-sexually-exploit-minor-philippines
Publisher: U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Public Affairs
Publication date: 2026-05-14
Press Release Number: 26-500
Retrieved: 2026-08-27

Title: Wisconsin Man Sentenced to 13 Years in Prison for Using the
Internet to Sexually Exploit a Minor in the Philippines

Bradley D. Hounsell, 44, of Oshkosh, Wisconsin, was sentenced to 13 years
in prison, to be followed by seven years of supervised release, for using
the internet to coerce and entice a minor in the Philippines to engage in
unlawful sexual conduct.

Hounsell used an online social media platform to pay an individual in the
Philippines for sexually explicit images and videos of children. In
November 2023 that individual informed Hounsell that she had access to an
approximately 13-year-old girl. After Hounsell sent money, the individual
sent a video depicting an adult sexually abusing a nude child. Law
enforcement recovered this video and other evidence from his phone during
a warrant-authorized search of his home in Wisconsin. Hounsell was
employed as a correctional officer with the Wisconsin Department of
Corrections prior to his arrest.

The case was investigated by the FBI's Child Exploitation Operational
Unit and Milwaukee Field Office with the assistance of the Winnebago
County Sheriff's Office. Trial Attorney William G. Clayman, formerly of
CEOS, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel R. Humble for the Eastern
District of Wisconsin prosecuted. The case was brought as part of
Project Safe Childhood.

The press release does not assign a CyberTip to this matter, does not
cite a United States Code section, and does not publish file hashes.
A PACER judgment for a related Hounsell matter exists elsewhere in this
repository; this remodel uses only this press release.
